and this is Ryan O'Neal you remember him
from love story and place Peyton Place
and gamers and the Big Bounce was one of
his dignity
also a winner Barbra Streisand over here
remember her pin funny vase hi I didn't
mean funny girl she spells it without a
name how was that Bobby and I'd like you
to be faster this is San Francisco the
city chosen by one of the most brilliant
and sensitive new generation of
filmmakers Peter Bogdanovich for his
maiden comedy effort what's up doc
starring Barbra Streisand and Ryan
O'Neal I can't see well there's not much
to see actually we're inside a Chinese
dragon any experienced observer of
trooping techniques will quickly sense
the utterly new and different atmosphere
created on the Bogdanovich set no more
the crass showmanship and slapdash of
the old Hollywood oh hello who are you
I'm Peter Berger what's the picture
you're making this little picture we're
making today is what's up doc what's up
doc see what I mean it goes boom and
then comes back and you can have to get
out yeah okay all right uh what's the
word I say isn't it
action Oh action I can't find my rock
that's like the case which one's here
too
none of the catch as catch can do it
anyway attitudes of former filmmakers
Trent here instead is a skilled artist
sophisticated in his craft using the
camera as heifetz
uses a Stradivarius
the relationship between star and
director is no longer as in the old days
one of Master and slave here mutual
respect between the artists director and
the artist stars make possible and
explicitly honed response must remember
this c- heaven a kiss is still a kiss in
a rare glimpse of two artists at work
we are afforded an insight into how
director Peter Bogdanovich working with
stars Barbra Streisand and Ryan O'Neal
can manage to put these two performers
together and create that almost
indefinable thing which is most simply
described as a motion picture hold
what's a duck
they still say they still say I love you
no matter what the future